 Warewulf
Warewulf is an operating system provisioning platform for Linux that is designed to produce secure, scalable,
turn key cluster deployments that maintain flexibility and simplicity.

Since its initial release in 2001, Warewulf has become the most popular open source and vendor-agnostic provisioning 
system within the global HPC community. Warewulf is known for its massive scalability and simple management of stateless (disk optional) provisioning

Architecture:-
One of the design tenants of Warewulf is how to scalably administrate many thousands of compute nodes. Generally 
speaking, operating system state introduce a surface for potential discrepancies and version creep between nodes 
and thus Warewulf has always gone with the "single system image" approach to clustered operating system management.
This means that you can have a single management node "image". For the last 20 years, we've been calling this a 
Virtual Node File System (VNFS), but in hindsight, this is a container.

Features:-

Lightweight: Warewulf provisions stateless operating system images and then gets out of the way. 
There should be no underlying system dependencies or changes to the provisioned cluster node operating systems.

Simple: Warewulf is used by hobbyists, researchers, scientists, engineers and systems administrators 
because it is easy, lightweight, and simple.

Flexible: Warewulf is highly flexible and can address the needs of any environment– from a computer
lab with graphical workstations, to under-the-desk clusters, to massive supercomputing centers providing 
traditional HPC capabilities to thousands of users.

Agnostic: From the Linux distribution of choice to the underlying hardware, Warewulf is agnostic 
and standards compliant. From ARM to x86, Atos to Dell, Debian, SUSE, Rocky, CentOS, and RHEL, Warewulf can do it all.

Secure: Warewulf is the only stateless provisioning system that will support SELinux out of the box. 
Just enable your node operating system container to support SELinux, and Warewulf do the rest!

Open Source: For the last 20 years, Warewulf has remained open source and continues to be the golden
standard for cluster provisioning.
